c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\Bin\x86\Debug\OpenWARExample.dll
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\Bin\x86\Debug\OpenWARExample.pdb
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\Bin\x86\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\Bin\x86\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\Bin\x86\Debug\OpenWARExample_Debug_x86.xap
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\Bin\x86\Debug\OpenWARExampleComp.winmd
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\Bin\x86\Debug\OpenWARExampleComp.pdb
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\obj\x86\Debug\OpenWARExample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\obj\x86\Debug\OpenWARExample.g.resources
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\obj\x86\Debug\OpenWARExample.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\obj\x86\Debug\OpenWARExample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\obj\x86\Debug\OpenWARExample.dll
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\obj\x86\Debug\OpenWARExample.pdb
c:\users\tsher_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\OpenWARExample\obj\x86\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
